>> I'm Robert Grant.
And this is Code X.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So far, this season has been all
about expanding our perception,
seeing new perspectives, looking
at things that maybe we've
looked at in plain sight for
many years but seeing altogether
new things inside of them.
This is how we expand our
awareness and consciousness.
Because as we talked
about two episodes ago,
I was able to directly
correlate musical interval
with slope angle--
and those slope angles matching,
not only the musical interval
and number theory of
ratio, but perfectly
matching the slope angles that
we see on the Giza Plateau.
But as we go further out,
the next musical interval
should be the minor third
and the major sixth.
And this would imply a
6 over 5 relationship,
or a 10 over 6 relationship.
It gives us a
67.38 degree angle.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I wasn't aware of any
pyramids on the Giza Plateau,
or anywhere else, that
had a 67.38 degree angle.
So this just stuck in my head.
The next one I wanted to look
at beyond the minor third
is the major second.
The major second has an
interval of 9 over 8.
That's 1.125 as a ratio.
And that would yield
specifically a 48.366 degree
angle.
And then the final is the minor
second, which is 25 over 24.
And its inverted interval
would be 48 over 25.
And I also wasn't aware of
where that particular slope
angle would appear.
So the first thing
I did was start
to look in the vicinity
for this other pyramid.
I couldn't find the
minor third pyramid.
Where is the minor
third pyramid?
So I decided to look
South in Saqqara.
In the Saqqara and Dahshur
area is the Djoser pyramid,
often believed by many in
the archeology community
to be the first pyramid.
It holds a similar type
of architectural design
as a ziggurat, as
a stepped pyramid.
It is referred to
as a step pyramid.
It turns out that that pyramid
in Saqqara in the Djoser complex
holds a 48.366 degree
angle, precisely,
matching exactly the
major second of 9 over 8
and 16 over 9, its
inverted pairing.
So now, out of the
13 musical intervals
to make up one
scale of 12 notes--
the 13th note being the
beginning of the next octave--
we're able to identify
the diminished fifth,
the augmented fourth.
That's the first two--
the perfect fifth, the perfect
fourth, the major third,
and the minor sixth, and the
major second with the Djoser
pyramid, and the minor seventh,
as well as the unison and octave
double.
That's beyond coincidence now,
with the slope angles matching
precisely each of these
pyramids, leaving us
only the other two pairings
of four intervals total--
which include the minor
third, the major sixth,
its interval pair, and the minor
second, and the major seventh.
So I was on the hunt
to find the minor third
and major sixth pyramid.
In order to do that,
I had to go and take
an aerial view of
the Giza Plateau.
And what I'd noticed is
something that had been somewhat
of an enigma and only
discovered, really,
in the 1950s by two
Italian explorers.
These two explorers
found what were
the remains of two pyramids on a
plateau that was 300 feet higher
in elevation than
the Giza Plateau.
The two pyramids that are
there were badly destroyed,
leaving only the first several
concourses still intact.
The pyramids were believed
to have been built both of
rose granite, the most
expensive of granite--
and holding the property
of 55% quartz crystal.
These two pyramids are
ostensibly crystal pyramids.
Some have referred in
the archeology community
to these pyramids as
being the great pit.
Because the larger
of the two pyramids,
known as the Djedefre pyramid,
has a large pit inside
from where the material
exploded out from,
leaving the inner chambers open.
I also found an entrance into
an underground network that was
blocked off by a lot of debris.
These two pyramids have
very, very unique angles
and were very steep.
The larger of the two pyramids,
known as the Djedefre pyramid,
versus its satellite,
which I will
refer to as the
philosopher's stone,
had a slope angle
of 60 degrees, the
same as an equilateral
triangular pyramid--
a 60-degree angle.
Now, with that pyramid having
stood on the Abu Rawash plateau
at 300 feet higher
than the Giza Plateau--
if a viewer were looking at the
pyramid complex from the Giza
Plateau, exactly 8,000 meters,
8 kilometers in distance,
about 5 miles in distance
from the Great Pyramid
to the northwest, you would have
seen a pyramid that appeared
to be nearly 600 feet high
versus the Great Pyramid's 481
feet.
Now, to put this into
context, the Great Pyramid was
the tallest building on planet
Earth known to man all the way
up until the 17th century.
It wasn't until Elizabethan
times in England
that another
structure made by man
surpassed that of
the Great Pyramid.
Now imagine another 120
feet higher than that
structure on the
Abu Rawash plateau,
known as the Djedefre pyramid.
Its satellite right next to
it held an even steeper angle.
The angle on that pyramid, the
Djedefre satellite pyramid--
or what I call the
philosopher's stone pyramid--
is exactly 67.38 degrees.
Now, if you happen to have a
dollar bill in your pocket,
and you take that dollar bill
out of your pocket and look
at the backside on the great
seal of the United States
of America, the pyramid
that appears with the Eye
of Providence embedded within it
is exactly the same proportions,
a 67.38-degree angle.
Now, interestingly, that
pyramid slope angle perfectly
matches the same
musical interval scale
of the minor third
and the major sixth,
deriving for us
exactly 67.38 degrees.
Now, this is quite
enigmatic and mysterious.
Because why would have
this shown up on the dollar
bill in the first place?
And what are the associations
with this dollar bill
pyramid or Eye of Providence?
Why is it part of the
consciousness that it shows up
in freemasonry and in particular
ancient alchemical symbology
the world over?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Here's what I would propose.
That triangle is
unique, because it's
the only triangle that in
a 5, 12, 13 proportion--
so the base being
5, the height being
12, 13 being its hypotenuse--
gives you a value of 30.
So 5 times 12 times
1/2 gives us the area.
And that being 30 is
matching the perimeter of 5
plus 12 plus 13, 30 and 30.
Now if we double
this triangle, we'll
have one triangle
with an area of 30
and another triangle
of an area of 30
adjacent to each other to
form the philosopher's stone
pyramid, the same one
on the dollar bill
as a cross-section-- the dollar
bill representation being
a third-dimensional projection
drawn in perspective,
the same technique used by
Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael,
and many others
throughout history
to depict this understanding
of ancient wisdom
and higher knowledge.
Now, if we look further and
more deeply at this structure,
is there something
else that makes sense
around this
particular structure?
Now, if we think about the
ultimate duality as being time,
past versus the
future, is there a way
that we can ascribe
some relationship
to time in this pyramid?
Well, it turns out
that there are many.
If we think about one
minute having and possessing
60 seconds, you could apply
two two-dimensional triangles
of 30 and 30 and 30 and 30 for
the perimeter and area values
being the masculine
aspect of one minute,
then descending into the
feminine aspect of a sine cosine
wave, 30 and 30 being the
first 30 seconds of the minute
and then the second
seconds of the minute.
That then means that we
have a perimeter, including
the central line, of
60 and an area of 60--
again, matching that of time.
Is there some
mathematical relationship
that creates a portal when
we can find the perfect match
between perimeter and area?
It feels and sounds a lot
like the challenge of squaring
the circle, doesn't it?
This is the only
triangle that is
able to accomplish this so
simply and so beautifully.
And it was known by esotericist
hermetic wisdom teachers
and philosophers alike.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
As we look to the ancient
philosophers and what this
means, also, with the musical
notes on a 24-note scale,
we could depict this as two
snakes of hermetic wisdom.
These two snakes-- one,
starting with 432 hertz,
the other connecting
to 528 hertz,
both creating 12-note chromatic
scales that perfectly intertwine
one with another to create
one universal experience.
But in addition to that, the
other philosopher's stone
depiction is that of an
equilateral triangle,
the divine trinity, a
triangle with three sides.
Each side could
represent 1 or 1 pi.
And to the extent that it
represented an equilateral side
of 1 pi, the height
of that triangle
becomes the Euler number.
Now, an easy way to
remember the Euler number
is that it's the thing that
banks use to actually measure
your interest.
It determines how much compound
interest you could have.
And what you find is that this
is a universal constant that
not only does the limitation on
all wave growth and expansion.
If the speed of light
is the speed limit
for the entire universe, the
speed limit of that speed limit
is the Euler number
mathematically.
Whereas, pi is a
transcendental constant that
creates circles and
circularity, the Euler number
is a transcendental
constant that
creates squares that go along
with it, the masculine combining
with the feminine.
And we find both of
them in the beauty
of an equilateral triangle,
with each side being pi
and the height being
the Euler number.
Now, interestingly,
this was a math constant
that was found and used
by Jacob Bernoulli.
It was used by Isaac
Newton, Charles Napier,
probably discovered by Napier.
But this particular
constant we find in Egypt.
For it is the royal Egyptian
cubit plus 1 that equals 2.718.
That is the Euler number.
Now, Leonardo da
Vinci also encrypted
this philosopher's stone pyramid
of the Abu Rawash satellite
pyramid--
philosopher's stone
pyramid of 5 1213--
into The Vitruvian Man and
also into The Mona Lisa--
The Vitruvian Man being the most
famous depiction in the world,
possibly the world's
most recognizable image
to represent the human
condition and then
the most famous divine
feminine representation that
sits in the Louver in Paris,
France, today of The Mona Lisa.
Leonardo encrypted
the proportions
of this philosopher's
stone pyramid
into the simplicity of
one circle and one square,
the area of the circle being
pi and the area of the square
being the Euler number.
When we take the base of the
square of Leonardo da Vinci's
Vitruvian man depiction
and connect the two
corners on the left and
right side of that square
to the center, the highest
point on the circle that
is above the Vitruvian man's
head, and we connect all of that
into the form of
one triangle, what
is the slope angle that we get?
Surprise, surprise 67.38
degrees, the minor third
and the major
sixth, the knowledge
of transcendence of duality.
Now, if we take this
one step further
and overlay The Mona Lisa
on top of The Vitruvian Man,
another surprise.
The proportions precisely when
we match the feet to be resting
of The Vitruvian Man on the
same block of wood that The Mona
Lisa's hands are resting
upon and we take the fingers
of the Vitruvian man and
extend it to the edges,
exact edges of the rectangular
shape of The Mona Lisa,
we then see that the circle
perfectly inscribes The Mona
Lisa's crown and that her
exact body shape from her elbow
to elbow fit precisely inside
the same philosopher's stone
pyramid, depicting the absolute
divine balance of the right eye
of Ra and the left eye--
feminine left eye-- of Horus,
represented by the moon--
the sun, and the
moon coming together
to create an eclipse,
the black sun.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What does this all mean?
Why did da Vinci
depict all of this
in such incredible metaphor,
going to such lengths
to occult it in this way
so that it would be found
at some future point in time?
Does this explanation of this
balance of hemi-synchronization
have a physical
manifestation, in addition to
this metaphorical spiritual
application of divine wisdom?
Consider this.
When we achieve the full
awareness of the philosopher's
stone, the stone that is formed
is, not only in the heart,
but it is also now resident as
the knob on the staff of Hermes
in the cave of Brahma
in the location
between the pineal gland
and the pituitary gland.
The pituitary gland sits
at the location where
the left eye connects
to the right brain
and the right eye connects
to the left brain.
And this is called the optic
chiasm, another representation
of the X.
This is an achievement of
this perfection in balance.
And when this occurs, we
start to grow a new crystal
inside the cave of Brahman.
The pineal gland is represented
by the philosopher's stone,
Jade satellite, pyramid.
And the pituitary gland is
represented in its proportions
as the divine feminine,
the two together,
creating the sacred secretion
that comes down the spine
and then back up from the
coccyx through the spine
and through the energy
centers of the chakras
to find its resting place in
the full activation of the crown
chakra.
This crown chakra activation
is accompanied by the formation
of a new crystal.
This crystal, unlike
the ring cell,
is not simply an amber crystal.
This takes on a
different quality.
The crown chakra is ruled
by the planet Jupiter.
And therefore,
the planet Jupiter
is best represented
by the tiger's eye.
The tiger's eye becomes the
knob on the staff of Hermes.
It becomes the new
way for us to perceive
beyond the time construct.
The stone that grows in between
our hemispheres of our brain
in the cave of Brahman--
or often referred to
as the wedding hall--
is called the kalindra
stone, the kali dragonstone,
the tiger's eye.
This represents the
transcendence of duality
and its ultimate representation,
the time construct,
the realization that time does
not only go in one direction
but that it simultaneously
goes in the opposite direction.
As we proceed through
the equinox, we are also,
at the same time, simultaneously
precessing going backwards
on the processional
cycle of 24,000 years.
That 24,000 year cycle means
that Pisces goes backward
to Aquarius, where we are now.
Our viewpoint of
our understanding
of our consciousness
and where we are,
will now adjust to the new
paradigm of the Aquarian
operating system.
The Aquarian operating
system, for us,
means an entirely
new paradigm on how
we experience time, how we
interact with others, how
we conduct our relationships.
Even the very basis and
foundation of the nuclear family
unit will now be looked
at in a new construct,
whether or not humanity will
be subservient to overlords,
to greater governance
and more control.
Or will it now move into
a new paradigm of freedom
that is represented by the
personality and the culture that
will come along with the
frequency of the Aquarian age?
This is the experience that we
are going through right now.
And it has a profound impact
on our day-to-day lives.
We have the opportunity now
to become active participants
in our experience by
being the change we
want to see in the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]